Add description about pageChange and perPageChange events (#1934)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/grids_templates/paging.md

</@@igSelector>
```

> Paging can also be done programmatically through the @@igComponent API, using the [`paginate`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/@@igTypeDoc.html#paginate), [`previousPage`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/@@igTypeDoc.html#previouspage), [`nextPage`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/@@igTypeDoc.html#nextpage) methods and the inputs [`page`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/@@igTypeDoc.html#page), [`perPage`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/@@igTypeDoc.html#perpage) and [`totalRecords`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/@@igTypeDoc.html#totalrecords). Where *page* allows you to set the current page, *perPage* - the number of items that are displayed at one page and *totalRecords* - the number of the records that are in the grid. `TotalRecords` property is useful when you have paging with remote data, if your using paging and all the data is passed to the grid, the value of the property will be set by default to the length of the provided data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paging can also be done programmatically through the @@igComponent API, using the [`paginate`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/@@igTypeDoc.html#paginate), [`previousPage`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/@@igTypeDoc.html#previouspage), [`nextPage`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/@@igTypeDoc.html#nextpage) methods and the inputs [`page`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/@@igTypeDoc.html#page), [`perPage`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/@@igTypeDoc.html#perpage) and [`totalRecords`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/@@igTypeDoc.html#totalrecords). Where *page* allows you to set the current page, *perPage* - the number of items that are displayed at one page and *totalRecords* - the number of the records that are in the grid. `TotalRecords` property is useful when you have paging with remote data. Keep in mind that If you are using paging and all the data is passed to the grid, the value of `totalRecords` property will be set by default to the length of the provided data source.
```
